## 6 - [React Router](../components/App.js)
  Libraries: 
  import **'react-router-dom'** 
  also install **'react-router'**

### Why Router ?
Single-page applications (SPAs) rewrite sections of a page rather than loading entire new pages from a server.

### BrowserRouter
The wrapper that gives us access to the HTML history and routes. Browser Router should have only one child, so everything should be another wrapper inside it.

### Fragment
Part of the React Library, Fragment is a container that doesn´t creates a DOM tag, we can use it when we need to wrap anything but we want a cleaner html.

### Switch
As the name suggests it is the component that switches the components depending on the route, it must be inside a Router and can contain inside several routes.

### Redirects
Redirects from the actual route to another when it is rendered. Uses the props "to" and "from".

### Route
Wrapper that will control when does the component renders depending on the browser's path.

  - Path(String): Relative path 
    > Ex: "/welcome" => "http://localhost:3000/welcome"
  - Component(Object): Referents of a component that we want to render. It mounts the component each time.
    > Ex: component={Welcome}
  - Render(Function): Receives a method that returns a component. It doesn´t re-mounts the component. Between other things, used on components with props.
    > Ex: render={_ => <Welcome name={this.state.name} image={this.state.image} />}
  - exact(Boolean): Does the route needs to be exact to render ?
    > Ex: /index !== /index/all
  - sensitive(Boolean): Does the route is case sensitive ?
    > /index !== /Index


**In out app:**:
[NavbarDisplay](../components/Navbar/NavbarDisplay.jsx)
  ``` javascript
  class App extends Component {
    render() {
      return (
        <BrowserRouter>
          <Fragment>
            <Navbar/>
            <main className="wrapper">
              <Switch>
                <Redirect exact from="/" to="/welcome" />
                <Route exact path="/welcome"
                  render={_ => <Welcome name={this.state.name} image={this.state.image} />} />
              </Switch>
            </main>
            <Footer />
          </Fragment>
        </BrowserRouter>
      );
    }
  }
  ``` 

  **Read More:**
  - [React Router Route](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/core/api/Route)

  **Bonus:**
  The react router route is extense, if you have time give it a look.
  - [All React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/core/api)


[<< return](./index.md)
